We landed in the wrong place, wrong time, and these fuckers made the trip with us. But who could blame us. The energy crystal batteries have scattered all around the place. An indigenous hunter seems to have been caught in the blast. Perhaps she'll lend us a hand? after this much bad luck, you cannot blame me for praying.<
The damned scavengers have scattered around the land. I doubt they'll have enough energy in their remaining crystals to do much harm but if they end up finding the power cells...

Then I can say goodbye to our redemption.<
WHAT DO YOU MEAN YOU DONT HAVE ANY MORE?

IT'S BEEN WEEKS, AND YOU STILL DARE TO TELL ME THERES NO MORE CRYSTALS? YOU DON'T GIVE ME THAT F***** B******. IV'E PAID GOOD MONEY FOR THOSE AUGMENTS, AND YOU DARE TELL ME THERES STILL NO CRYSTAL AVAILABLE?

I can already feel the pain.. Its all shutting down.. what am I going to do?<
Everyone, well, if you can even call them that, have been dropping dead and powered off every single day in the middle of the road. You can see the police force being dispatched to prevent any lucky scavenger to secure some crystal remnant, but everyone here knows its futile.

Why haven't we been able to produce any crystals? Well, no matter the answer, I'll be joining them soon<
Look at them, rioting in the streets. This, this is the price of selling your human flesh for a body of steel. And yet, everyone gets to be equal in some way in this disaster.

Rich, poor, citizen or outlaw.. with no more crystals, everyone will be tied to death by shutdown.

Yet is it so wrong to still have hope?<
Look at that marvel. This, this is what happen when humanity unites! A time machine! 

Well, we lack a bit of testing but I wouldn't stress over such details when a chance at redemption is that close. We're talking over on who should get in there, and our objective. Of course, I should be part of it. It will be time for us to warn the world to our mistakes.

Damnit, they've found us. Looks like the launch will be earlier than expected.<
Epi : what da dog doin
Konny : (jerma amongus sus face)
mf named bool machine : who        asked?
Quandelius meldinglet : I will be escaping prison the
Uwulysse : 113.29.11

Fif ass looking person : (thats you)
 